# Example for labels:

# Region label: "topology.kubernetes.io/region"
# Zone Label:   "topology.kubernetes.io/zone"

# 1 Regions:  belgium
# 9 Zones:   cloud, edge4

# regions:

kubectl label nodes n1.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/region=belgium --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n2.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/region=belgium --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n3.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/region=belgium --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n4.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/region=belgium --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n5.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/region=belgium --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n6.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/region=belgium --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n7.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/region=belgium --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n8.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/region=belgium --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n9.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/region=belgium --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n10.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/region=belgium --overwrite

# zones:

kubectl label nodes n1.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/zone=cloud --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n2.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/zone=cloud --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n3.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/zone=fog1 --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n4.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/zone=fog2 --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n5.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/zone=fog3 --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n6.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/zone=fog4 --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n7.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/zone=edge1 --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n8.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/zone=edge2 --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n9.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/zone=edge3 --overwrite
kubectl label nodes n10.ids.ilabt-imec-be.wall2.ilabt.iminds.be topology.kubernetes.io/zone=edge4 --overwrite